website/integrations: Updated AWS docs for the new IAM Center and SCIM (#5643)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/aws/index.md

```python
return user.username
```

# Method 2: IAM Identity Center

## Preparation

The following placeholders will be used:

-   `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik install.

Additional Preparation:

-   A certificate to sign SAML assertions is required. You can use authentik's default certificate, or provide/generate one yourself.

> -   You may pre-create an AWS application

Reviewer: "may" or "need to" or... using the word "may" is a little unclear here, not sure if I need to or not. If it is optional, we can say:

"Optionally, you can pre-create an AWS application."

> ## Procedure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to integrate with AWS
```

In AWS:

> -   In AWS Navigate to: `IAM Identity Center -> Settings -> Identity Source (tab)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In AWS navigate to: `IAM Identity Center -> Settings -> Identity Source (tab)`
```

> -   On the right hand side click `Actions -> Change identity source`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   On the right side click `Actions -> Change identity source`
```

-   Select `External Identity Provider`

> -   Under `Service Provider metadata` it'll allow you to download a metadata file. Download this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Under `Service Provider metadata` download the metadata file. 
```

Now go to your authentik instance, and perform the following steps.

-   Under _Providers_ create a new _SAML Provider from metadata_. Give it a name, and upload the metadata file AWS gave you.

> -   Click _Next_. Give it a name, and close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Click _Next_. Give it a name, and close the file.
```

> -   If you haven't done so yet, create an application for AWS and connect the Provider to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If you haven't done so yet, create an application for AWS and connect the provider to it.
```

Reviewer: ideally we would be able to link to a procedural doc on how to create an app... but we will add that later.

> -   Navigate to the provider you've just created, select _Edit_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Navigate to the provider you've just created, and then select _Edit_
```

-   Copy the _Issuer URL_ to the _Audience_ field.
-   Under _Advanced Protocol Settings_ set a _Signing Certificate_
-   Save and Close.
-   Under _Related Objects_ download the _Metadata file_, and the _Signing Certificate_

Now go back to your AWS instance

> -   Under `Identity provider metadata` upload both the the `Metadata file` and `Signing Certificate` authentik gave you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Under `Identity provider metadata` upload both the the `Metadata` file and `Signing Certificate` that authentik gave you.
```

> -   Choose `Next`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Click `Next`.
```

> -   In your settings pane, under the tab `Identity Source` click `Actions -> Manage Authentication`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In your settings pane, under the tab `Identity Source`, click `Actions -> Manage Authentication`.
```

> -   Take note of the `AWS access portal sign-in URL` (this is especially important if you've changed it from the default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Take note of the `AWS access portal sign-in URL` (this is especially important if you changed it from the default).
```

Now go back to your authentik instance.

> -   Navigate to the Application you've created for AWS and click _Edit_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Navigate to the Application that you created for AWS and click _Edit_.
```

-   Under _UI Settings_ make sure the _Start URL_ matches the _AWS access portal sign-in URL_

## Caveats and Troubleshooting

> -   Users need to exist in AWS in order to use them through authentik. AWS will throw an error if it doesn't recognise the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Users need to already exist in AWS in order to use them through authentik. AWS will throw an error if it doesn't recognise the user.
```

-   In case you're stuck, you can see the SSO logs in Amazon CloudTrail -> Event History. Look for `ExtenalIdPDirectoryLogin`

Note:

> ## Optional: Auto provisioning with SCIM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Optional: Automated provisioning with SCIM
```

> Some people may opt for the automatic provisioning feature called SCIM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some people may opt TO USE the automatic provisioning feature called SCIM (System for Cross-domain Identity Management).
```

> SCIM allows you to synchronise (part of) your directory to AWS's IAM. Saving you the hassle of having to create users by hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SCIM allows you to synchronize (part of) your directory to AWS's IAM, saving you the hassle of having to create users by hand.
```

> In order to do so, go to your AWS Identity Center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to do so, take the following steps in your AWS Identity Center:
```

> -   In your `Settings` pane, locate the `Automatic Provisioning` Info box. Click `Enable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In your `Settings` pane, locate the `Automatic Provisioning` Info box. Click `Enable`.
```

> -   AWS will give you an `SCIM Endpoint` and a `Access Token`. Take note of these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   AWS will give you an `SCIM Endpoint` and a `Access Token`. Take note of these values.
```

Go back to your authentik instance

-   Navigate to _Providers_ -> _Create_
-   Select _SCIM Provider_

> -   Give it a name, under _URL_ enter the _SCIM Endpoint_ and under _Token_ enter the _Access Token_ AWS provided you with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Give it a name, under _URL_ enter the _SCIM Endpoint_, and then under _Token_ enter the _Access Token_ AWS provided you with.
```

> -   In case you wish, change the user filtering settings to your liking. Click _Finish_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Optionally, change the user filtering settings to your liking. Click _Finish_
```

-   Go to _Customization -> Property Mappings_
-   Click _Create -> SCIM Mapping_
-   Make sure to give the mapping a name that's lexically lower than `authentik default`, for example `AWS SCIM User mapping`
-   As the expression, enter:

```python

> # The only thing this does, is strip the default mapping from it's 'photos' attribute,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This expression strips the default mapping from its 'photos' attribute,
```

Reviewer: @justSem please double-review this suggestion to make sure I did not change the technical accuracy when I changed the grammar. ;-)

Author: This is correct!

# which is a forbidden property in AWS IAM.
return {
    "photos": None,
}
```

-   Click _Save_. Navigate back to your SCIM provider, click _Edit_

> -   Under _User Property Mappings_ select the default mapping and the mapping you've just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Under _User Property Mappings_ select the default mapping and the mapping that you just created.
```

-   Click _Update_

-   Navigate to your application, click _Edit_.

> -   Under _Backchannel providers_ add the SCIM provider you've created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Under _Backchannel providers_ add the SCIM provider that you created.
```

-   Click _Update_

> The SCIM provider should sync automatically whenever you create/alter/remove anything. You can manually sync by going to your SCIM provider and click the _Run sync again_ button. Once it synced, you should see the users and groups in your AWS IAM center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SCIM provider should sync automatically whenever you create/alter/remove anything. You can manually sync by going to your SCIM provider and click the _Run sync again_ button. Once the SCIM provider has synced, you should see the users and groups in your AWS IAM center.
```
